[Music]
hey guys welcome back it's been a really
long time since I've done a fashion
shopping haul so that's what I'm gonna
do today this is gonna be a collective
haul so featuring some things that I've
bought over the past few weeks so I hope
that you guys enjoy and let's get
started the first thing I'm really
excited about and I'm really happy about
are these new black shoes that I
recently got from Aldo I love when I
find flats are like super cute and that
have like beautiful like gold metallic
detailing on it I just think it makes
them look you know very chic and very
expensive even though they're not I
think I paid about $60 for them I wear
sandals like this with everything and
anything with shorts with jeans with
dresses skirts pretty much anything so
this is definitely a staple in my closet
for summertime and something else that I
got for the summertime specifically is a
new swimming suit or a new bikini this
one right here is from Victoria's Secret
and it has this really super pretty
detail in the front and you can actually
take it out if you didn't want it to be
there but I just think it's super super
cute I also just love anything white in
the summertime I will wear white as much
as I can because I just think it really
accentuates the 10 that you get in the
summer so definitely have to get it in
white they have it in a bunch of
different colors if you don't want to
get like a Sun Tan line over here you
know just attach the straps and you can
wear it like a bento bikini so moving on
to some things I got from Zara the first
is this blue skirt right here which is
pretty fitted and it goes up into the
waist I really like skirts like this
because you can wear them with so many
different things and I pretty much just
live and describe
in the summertime I do occasionally wear
shorts but I really like a nice skirt
next up I have another blue item and
this one is also from Zara it's this
gorgeous like flowy floral printed shirt
it just is so pretty on because it's so
feminine when things are like as
feminine as this I really like to
toughen them up a little bit by using
like a contrasting you know large
statement piece of jewelry like a big
gold necklace I think this will go great
with like white jeans you could even
tuck this into a skirt and have it kind
of flow over a little bit which I could
cute belt I think that could look really
nice
moving on to probably my favorite thing
that I recently purchased also from Zara
it is this beautiful dress it's almost
like a neon pink has this really cute
little like cutout don't actually own
anything with any cutouts but I did
think it was you know too exposing I
thought it was just like the right
amount and it fits so nicely I adore the
color I also love how it cinches in
right underneath your like chest and
then it kind of flares out which again
gives you that really beautiful shape I
love it and then the last thing I got
from Zara is a top that you guys may
have already seen in my previous video
it is this really pretty floral printed
and shirt it's made of 100% cotton which
is important in this every time
it's obviously sweat it's hot we want to
make sure that your skin can breathe
a shock that I always love to go into
but I never really like buy anything
from is BCBG the stuff in there is just
so beautiful and it's so my style but
it's like super expensive but I recently
treated myself and I bought a really
pretty black skirt which I have been
wearing two pieces like I've been
wearing this several times a week I went
in the night time I went during the day
it's just a great skirt I like it
because it's a little bit thicker so it
really like fits your body well this
sort of tail over here just kind of cups
underneath your derriere so it really
gives you a nice shape and then I have
two shirts here from H&M which are super
pretty and they're obviously more
affordable cuz they're from H&M so we
like that one of the shirts that I found
is this really pretty I want to say it's
like a snake print almost I love flowy
things during the summertime just
because it obviously gets very hot
something else I adore about this shirt
is like the strong molded white piece
that goes here and the black collar
I just think it looks super sleek when I
wear this I like to pair it with a
chunky gold necklace again I love that
style I like the feminine girly tops and
like the you know fiercer necklaces and
things like that
the next top is this I want to call it
almost like a peplum top also from H&M
and it has this really gorgeous thing
and it's almost like a water mark print
you could see that there's like a bit of
a floral inspired theme behind the
actual design I really really like it I
love the color combination it's like
soft and girly it has this really nice
peplum
I would say on the bottom colors are
very like spring and summery and I just
thought it was so pretty and then the
last thing I want to show you guys is
actually a bit of a alert my second
sweater I'd say it is a dress from
Anthropologie I have never actually
bought anything from Anthropologie I
sometimes seem like cute pieces here and
there but never actually purchase
anything again because it is a little
bit expensive so I was walking and I saw
this gorgeous dress in the window and
I'm like I need to have that dress it's
absolutely beautiful
it is this black and white I'm striped
dress these stripes are thicker like
right here and just above the waist and
then it goes down into like smaller
stripes in the bottom another reason I
really like this dress is because it was
a lot longer than the other ones that I
usually like to wear and I just thought
it was a lot more like you know elegant
because of the length of it it really
like accentuates your shape because of
the stripes when I first wore this
actually weren't with my Aldo sandals
the ones that I showed you in the
beginning of the video but you know if
you got a dress like this you could also
wear at night of course put a cute
jacket on top you could even do like a
leather jacket in the wintertime I will
have a little hair tutorial for this
look coming up I think it turned out so
cute and I want to show you guys how I
did it so I'm gonna film that sometime
this week so look out for that sometime
next week I hope that you guys enjoyed
this video thank you guys so much for
watching I hope everyone's having a
great day and I will talk to you guys
soon
you
[Music]